Remove Laminas\Db Session Save Handler Support (#116)
laminas/laminas-session: docs/book/v3/migration/v2-to-v3.md

## Removed Features

### `laminas/laminas-db` Removal

Starting from version 3.0 the `laminas/laminas-db` dependency has been removed.
In consequence the following classes, based on this package, have also been removed:

- `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\DbTableGateway`
- `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\DbTableGatewayOptions`

Any custom code based on them will require you to implement
replacements yourself by creating classes that implement `Laminas\Session\SaveHandler\SaveHandlerInterface`
as per [the custom save handler documentation](../save-handler.md),
with `options` classes for them if the save handlers are configurable.

> Alternatively, [axleus/laminas-db](https://github.com/axleus/laminas-db) is an up to date,
> actively maintained fork of `laminas/laminas-db` that can be used as a replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, [axleus/laminas-db](https://github.com/axleus/laminas-db) is an up to date, actively maintained fork of `laminas/laminas-db` which plans to adopt the save handler.
```
